>> Marcy Sutton: One last note
on humans in this process.
And I touched on this at the beginning,
that working with people with
disabilities is just so valuable.
I wish I would have done it earlier.
I mean I guess I did with Targets QA team.
So I have been doing that for
a while, but not on every project.
And there are groups that
you can engage for this.
There's access works from nobility.
There's also a startup in
Toronto called Fabled Tech Labs,
that's who I worked with for
Gatsby's user testing.
And they have a platform, at least
some Fables case where you can go and
sign up for maybe a 30-minute meeting
with someone with a disability.
And they will walk through trying
to use a prototype or a product or
something and you can get that feedback.
You can record the video and
then you have an artifact of it,
you could share it with your team.
So awesome.
And so, coming up in October 2019,
I am doing a talk for
the inclusive design conference.
It's a 24-hour virtual
accessibility conference.
And those videos will live on like
the past years are all on there so
it's kind of timeless.
I'm doing a talk there with one of
the testers from Fable to talk about user
testing.
And I'm hoping to get this routing
pattern that we worked on today in front
of this tester to get more feedback on it
cuz now that I've got recommendations,
I wanna fine tune them.
So stay tuned for that, yeah,
that's in October, I think October 10th.
>> Marcy Sutton: So that's it.
And, I think we've had questions
kind of throughout the day, but
if anyone has any other questions,
I'm happy to answer.
You can always tweet at me too.
So thank you so much,
this has been a lot of fun.
>> Applause: [APPLAUSE]